[bitnami/minio]: Enable tls in front of container (#5670)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/minio/templates/NOTES.txt

   WARN: MinIO(R) Web UI is disabled.
{{- end }}

{{- if and (.Values.tls.enabled) (not .Values.tls.secretName) }}

>    NOTE: Since tls is enabled, the name of a secret (containing the certificats) has to be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ERROR: Since TLS is enabled, the name of a secret containing the certificates has to be provided.
   {{- fail -}}
```

In this way we make the installation to fail since it will not be correct instead of just warning the issue.
